here is a and Alfie playing kazoo a door
on the last level who is doing really
can't do easy try phrases with you lose
that one girl from the day update game
playing deep ok kill him come on home
trying to kill him oh my god will said
noise oh my god what are they doing not
actually hit it again normal voice be ok
get you me die Dino me my gosh you did
after this but if I done it your age
drink up Donny you got AIDS yeah they're
gonna donkey fool oh my god they're
scary i'm not scandalous oh my god what
you do it why did you do it so it's
killer oh my god oh god you're just
gonna turn you're such a pussy other
thing should I young sure don't forget
kill you die don't I go get to my plank
of wood boy using the plug get the pipe
you tak kill you sir I got some help
back no I'm fine keep going down hits it
down to Chinatown no you're dead boy no
come on I got my stick back now I got my
stick now you can I don't want go boys
t-shirt / sorry maybe jump on it maybe
jump no you're dead man yay for you did
good he did good die die I'll kill me he
said he's damn good i'll plan on health
pack that's good that's good but no hope
left we couldn't talk and he's on fire x
don't need look like oh my god where is
he where is he suck it steve-o dad my
god you died I died you suck
write down gonna have one more go just
to show you how it goes I'm gonna do it
this time I'm not gonna die I'm not
afraid now right you stopped yet but I'm
ready for this time I'll know that
coming I know they're gonna come out of
there I know they're gonna come I'll who
goes here I know that going on Stan
sweet Lisa I know that come I'm gonna
kill him I'll get him look at that one
look him they're all dead you wish six
up playing dead man so qualms floored I
know he's coming out of there I know
where he's going he's going down there
now he's going he's gonna dog I get
through dog oh my god maybe jump he's
gonna die like I'm gonna kill him he's
gonna die look at it I got handles game
too freaky look he's just killing me I'm
gonna cool him I'm gonna kill him stucco
is dark Oh get you I'll get you come on
come on that dog I know you're coming
out there now you're dead and you're
going down to Chinatown now you're dead
and i got full health and i'm going to
snap your neck and now you did now what
happens at all not another one I can't
handle it sits too many of them just
died look he's dead I'm gonna dog a
killer I'm gonna kill them know mitch is
coming again you're dead man nothing for
sure what weapons he got I don't care
each is dead its going dark but I go in
his doc she's too scared where is he no
oh I thought I judge have one more girl
I'm not joking this is my last go so I
can't handle this game it's just too
damn scary I'm not joking by the way
this game is condemned and it's just
scary I can't plan
this is sort of muscular scary game I
think I've ever seen in my life this is
probably gonna be my let's go and I'm
going to kill him I know I'm gonna kill
him now I can't find the door can't find
the damn door found dog it's ok I'm
ready from I'm ready for you I know
we're gonna come out there I'm gonna
kill you and then have him again come
down come down there and all of you oh
here we go a little midget ones that
that they're already gonna die look at
always dead always are to me ya he's
dead they come to fat one I nope get
don't say it I'm you too i don't want
about to know you cultivate obvious you
are but you would be scared of that big
boy look you're gonna be my father's
friend he's gonna die I'm gonna die
mother I'm gonna kill him he's gonna die
he's dead no I got some health packs
nothing oh my god what's he doing to me
oh my god can't even see oh my god 2210
up what I was ready for these well I
can't be ready hi dizzy they're gone
what did you kill him for me big gun now
I'll kill you now snap your neck or
something but I'll kill you yeah he's
gonna run away man I would have killed
him yeah you dad you could have died
he's know if you gonna die if he's dead
dude I'm done no he's dead now when I
snap his neck like that well he's dead
have Matt yeah you should've got the
needle go yet no more like oh my god the
too many that's just so many got just
carried
we're gonna get food okay I was gay was
just too many bad guys good by the way
and then two is coming out soon nut job
is coming up march according of think
but I'm not gonna get it it's just too
scary I just can't handle what that's a
I need some help me I'm gonna kill him
oh my god I'm gonna die I don't want it
that good I don't want it that she gets
you is dead oh I thought again well I've
had fun on this game but this is just
too scary i think i don't know i might
know I can't have another go it's just
too scary I gotta go I'm sorry I gotta
go I've gotta go